[Music]
Kalash is a perfect project for playing
with paper if you haven't done it before
it's very forgiving we're going to dive
right in don't be afraid to make
mistakes this is really about
experimentation and you'll be amazed at
what you can create
in this exercise we're going to be
looking at power we pick up inspiration
and use it in design and also I'm going
to be showing the entirety technique on
how to incorporate color into the middle
of a row this is the six pocket origami
book this is a wonderful little folded
book this is all made from one sheet of
paper and some of the embroiders a lot I
really like to have my needles pre
threaded and organized and a great way
to do that is to make these felt needle
cases after you've perfected the knit
and purl stitch you probably want to
bring your knitting into the third
dimension and I think knitting a hat in
the round is a great way to start there
are a couple different ways of
approaching fabric shopping one is to
have your pattern in hand the other
approach is to go to the fabric store
and look a fabric really inspire you we
are going to walk you through a whole
batch of busey bootie presents for this
holiday season they're all preserved
based and they're going to take care of
everybody on your gift list
today I'm going to guide you through
doing and raw and holiday cut for
friends and family
we're going to break away from the
traditional round wreath format and show
you how to make something with a really
unique and wild shape
[Music]